All right so we left off on this links here and the other links right here.
All right.
So we are going to be for your users.
We're going to be doing something here.
Well I want to do this lectures actually be able to delete a record.
So let's go ahead and do a delete query and if we go all the way down we have the link where right here
or we have to change things around a little bit.
The user id the lead from users you should be able to know how to do this already with a user ID.
It caused a user ID right for it and the user Querrey to that.
That looks great right.
And users right here.
Right.
And the link here we just got past passed the I.D. on it.
So
the lead right here.
OK I think we're good to go.
Let's test this thing out.
Oh.
Make sure that it says users.
All right let's try it out.
Let's refresh click and that's not passing the
user id make sure that we are on the same page.
Let's make sure that we are getting this here.
We're now getting a user ID which is refresh again.
Delete.
You see right here when we click on it we're now getting our user ID.
So let's make sure that we are on the same page users that BHP delete user id
let's just save it again.
Maybe I didn't save it.
That's probably the problem.
Delete.
And we're not actually getting the user id right here.
You see the lead for but we're not deleting anything.
So let's make sure it is working actually right here.
Misspell something.
Sorry about that guys.
User ID now should work.
All right.
Delete.
Perfect.
Now it is working right.
Make sure you don't misspell something sometimes when you're trying to do it too fast.
Any misspelling can make something not work.
All right.
So on the last lecture we're going to tackle the rules and we're going to see how we can change this.
So anyway thank you so much.
And I see your next one.
Take care